Update Benchmark data with latest numbers (#18922)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/benchmark/tpcc-ysql/_index.md

    weight: 4
type: indexpage
showRightNav: true
rightNav:
  hideH3: true
---

> [TPC-C](http://www.tpc.org/tpcc/) is a popular online transaction processing benchmark that provides metrics you can use to evaluate the performance of YugabyteDB for concurrent transactions of different types and complexity that are either executed online or queued for deferred execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TPC-C](http://www.tpc.org/tpcc/) is a popular online transaction processing benchmark that provides metrics you can use to evaluate the performance of YugabyteDB for concurrent transactions of different types, and complexity that are either executed online or queued for deferred execution.
```

> ## Results Overview (v2.18.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Results overview (YugabyteDB v2.18.1)
```

> All the nodes in the cluster were located in AWS-West in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster and was deployed in the same zone as the DB cluster. Each test was run for 30 minutes after the loading of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the nodes in the cluster were located in AWS-west in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster and was deployed in the same zone as the database cluster. Each test was run for 30 minutes after loading the data.
```

> ### Horizontal Scaling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Horizontal scaling
```

> This data shows how YugabyteDB scales horizontally - Increased throughput with the same efficiency as the number of nodes in the cluster is increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows how YugabyteDB scales horizontally, that is, increased throughput with the same efficiency when the number of nodes in the cluster is increased.
```

| Warehouses |   TPMC   | Efficiency(%) | Nodes | Connections | New Order Latency | Machine Type (vCPUs) |
| ---------: | :------- | :-----------: | :---: | ----------- | :---------------: | :------------------ |
|        500 | 25646.4  |     99.71     |   3   | 200         |     54.21 ms      | m6i.2xlarge&nbsp;(8)  |
|       1000 | 34212.57 |     99.79     |   4   | 266         |     53.92 ms      | m6i.2xlarge&nbsp;(8)  |
|       2000 | 42772.6  |     99.79     |   5   | 333         |     51.01 ms      | m6i.2xlarge&nbsp;(8)  |
|       4000 | 51296.9  |     99.72     |   6   | 200         |     62.09 ms      | m6i.2xlarge&nbsp;(8)  |

### Vertical Scaling

> This data shows how YugabyteDB scales vertically - Increased throughput when the power of the machines is increased while keeping the number of nodes in the cluster the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows how YugabyteDB scales vertically, that is, increased throughput when the power of the machines is increased while keeping the number of nodes in the cluster the same.
```

| Warehouses |   TPMC   | Efficiency(%) | Nodes | Connections | New Order Latency | Machine Type (vCPUs) |
| ---------: | :------- | :-----------: | :---: | ----------- | :---------------: | :------------------- |
|        500 | 6415.7   |     99.78     |   3   | 50          |     64.08 ms      | m6i.large&nbsp;(2)     |
|       1000 | 12829.93 |     99.77     |   3   | 100         |     73.97 ms      | m6i.xlarge&nbsp;(4)    |
|       2000 | 25646.4  |     99.78     |   3   | 200         |     54.21 ms      | m6i.2xlarge&nbsp;(8)   |
|       4000 | 51343.5  |     99.81     |   3   | 400         |     39.46 ms      | m6i.4xlarge&nbsp;(16)  |

### 100K Warehouses

| Warehouses |    TPMC    | Efficiency(%) | Nodes | Connections | New Order Latency |       Machine Type (vCPUs)       |
| ---------: | :--------- | :-----------: | :---: | ----------- | :---------------: | :------------------------ |
|    100,000 | 1283804.18 |     99.83     |  59   | 1000        |     51.86 ms      | c5d.9xlarge&nbsp;(36) |

> ## Setup for benchmarking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benchmark setup
```

> Follow the steps below to run the [TPC-C workload](https://github.com/yugabyte/tpcc) against YugabyteDB YSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a [TPC-C workload](https://github.com/yugabyte/tpcc) against YugabyteDB YSQL using the following steps:
```

You will need the IP addresses of the nodes in the cluster for the next step.
{{< /tip>}}

### Configure DB connection parameters (optional)

> Workload configurations like IP addresses of the nodes, number of warehouses and number of loader threads can be controlled by command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workload configurations like IP addresses of the nodes, number of warehouses, and number of loader threads can be controlled by command line arguments.
```

<password></password>
```

### Other considerations

> **Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application. You can either download the latest released version, or you can clone the repository and build from the source to get the very latest changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application. You can either download the latest [released](https://github.com/yugabyte/tpcc/releases) version, or you can clone the repository and build from the source to get the very latest changes.
```

**Pre-compacting tables:** Pre-compact tables with the [yb-admin](../../admin/yb-admin/) utility's `compact_table` command.

**Warming the database:** Use the `--warmup-time-secs` flag when you call the execute phase of the TPCC benchmark.

> ## Running TPC-C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run TPC-C
```
